We don't really need much set up a lot of times people ask Hey what are you using.
So here's what I will be doing this entire course and one of my tech center of choice is Visual Studio
code.
My.
That's pretty much it unless you want to use the Koka extension that I'll be using which is going to
allow us to print out the console logs in our actual J.S. file or TS file and see the data.
So if you want to do that.
And I think that's kind of cool and it's a free extension so you might as well check it out as you need
to go ahead and solve note if you don't have it yet.
No just an organ.
And then this extension we can go ahead and install it through the visual studio extensions section
by just jumping in here.
Click in the square box and go in and search for Quokka.
I already have it installed.